SEI-14315 Update SEI Azure DevOps Integration Documentation (#11659)
harness/developer-hub: docs/software-engineering-insights/shared/integrations/azure-devops.mdx

   * CICD Pipeline Jobs Duration Report
   * CICD Pipeline Jobs Duration Trend Report
4. The integration does not accurately reflect the pipeline stage status across the widgets.
5. If the access token used for the integration loses access to some projects (i.e. when projects are removed or permissions change), SEI will stop ingesting data from those projects. Data ingestion continues for the remaining accessible projects.
   
   If project access is restored later, ingestion resumes **incrementally** for the newly accessible projects. Historical data will not be backfilled automatically, since SEI has no reference point for when to start ingestion.  
   

>    To capture historical data for newly added projects, you must re-run ingestion for the entire timeframe.

Author: ```suggestion
   To capture historical data for newly added projects, contact [Harness Support](/docs/software-engineering-insights/sei-support) to schedule a manual ingestion re-run for the selected projects.
```
